Add SIWF SSO docs (#654)
ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway: docs/src/GettingStarted/SSO.md

# Fast Single Sign On with SIWF v2 with Account Service

# Overview
Sign In With Frequency (SIWF v2) is quick, user-friendly, decentralized authentication using the Frequency blockchain.
Coupled with the Account Service, this provides fast and secure SSO across applications by utilizing cryptographic signatures to verify user identities without complex identity management systems.

Key benefits:
- Decentralized authentication

> - Integration with Frequency’s Account Service

Reviewer: not sure if it is kosher to say "Frequency's Account Service" 🤷🏻‍♂️

Author: ```suggestion
- Integration with the identity system on Frequency
```

> - Supports multiple credentials (e.g., email, phone)

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for multiple credentials (e.g., email, phone)
```

- Secure and fast user onboarding

Resources:
- [SIWF v2 Documentation](https://projectlibertylabs.github.io/siwf/v2/docs)
- [Account Service Documentation](../Build/AccountService/AccountService.md)

## Setup Tutorial

> In this tutorial, you will setup a Sign In With Frequency button for use with Testnet and have onboarded, authenticated users with minimal steps.

Author: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will setup a Sign In With Frequency button for use with Testnet and acquire onboarded, authenticated users with minimal steps.
```

> In this tutorial, you will setup a Sign In With Frequency button for use with Testnet and acquire onboarded, authenticated users with minimal steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will set up a Sign In With Frequency button for use with Testnet, which will enable you to acquire onboarded, authenticated users with minimal steps.
```

## Prerequisites
Ensure you have:
- Registered your application as a [Provider on Frequency Testnet](./BecomeProvider.md).

> - A backend only accessable [running instance](../Run/AccountService/RunAccountService.md) of the Account Service.

Reviewer 2: "backend-only-accessible"

Author: ```suggestion
- A backend-only-accessable [running instance](../Run/AccountService/RunAccountService.md) of the Account Service.
```

</div>

## Step 1: Generate a SIWF v2 Signed Request

The User will be redirected to a service for generating their signed authentication.

### Option A: Static Callback and Permissions

If a static callback and permissions are all that is required, a static Signed Request may be generated and used: [Signed Request Generator Tool](https://projectlibertylabs.github.io/siwf/v2/docs/Generate.html)

### Option B: Dynamic Callback or Permissions

> A dynamic signed request allows for user specific callbacks.

Author: ```suggestion
A dynamic signed request allows for user-specific callbacks.
```

While this is not needed for most applications, some situations require it.

The Account Service provides an API to generate the Signed Request URL:

- [GET `/v2/accounts/siwf`](https://projectlibertylabs.github.io/gateway/account/#tag/v2accounts/operation/AccountsControllerV2_getRedirectUrl)

<div class="warning">

> Remember that the Account Service is NOT an external service.
> Your Application backend will need to make the call securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that the Account Service is NOT meant to be an externally exposed service. It should be configured in an appropriately isolated network environment, and your Application backend will need to make the call securely.
```

</div>

```bash
curl -X GET "https://account-service.internal/v2/accounts/siwf?callbackUrl=https://app.example.com/callback"
```

### Selecting Permissions for Delegation

> Permissions are the actions that you as the Application can do on behalf of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions define the actions that you as the Application can do on behalf of the user.
```

> Permissions are the actions that you as the Application can do on behalf of the user, with just the one-time delegation of the permission.
> These are determined by Frequency.

Author: ```suggestion
Permissions are the actions that you as the Application can do on behalf of the user.
They are based on Schemas published to Frequency.
```

> 

Author: I was trying to get to the idea that they don't have to get permission over and over. I'll drop it as it appears it caused more confusion.

```

For mobile applications, use an embedded browser to handle the redirection smoothly with minimal impact on user experience.

## Step 3: Handle the Callback

After the user completes authentication, Frequency Access or other SIWF v2 Service will redirect the user to your `callbackUrl` with either an `authorizationCode` or `authorizationPayload`.

The Account Service provides an API to validate and process the SIWF v2 authorization:

- [POST `/v2/accounts/siwf`](https://projectlibertylabs.github.io/gateway/account/#tag/v2accounts/operation/AccountsControllerV2_postSignInWithFrequency)

<div class="warning">

> Remember that the Account Service is NOT an external service.
> Your Application backend will need to make the call securely.

Author: ```suggestion
Remember that the Account Service is NOT meant to be an externally exposed service.
It should be configured in an appropriately isolated network environment, and your Application backend will need to make the call securely.
```
